Update README.md (#12)
AAU-SW7-PSAAAB/energy-label-log-server: README.md

# energy-label-log-server

> A loggin server to log data from runs of the energy label extention.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A logging server to log data from runs of the energy label extension.
```
